
Slogan: 

Sunaray gown, the central Park of the rising communities.

Put several and whichever gets voted the most will go on top and put in a community if they want anything extra or their own version and once it gots the enough vote it will appear in the hero page.


So basically we're kamis and people treat us differently not some, but still there are people who doesn't eat in our village because we're low caste and doesn't use our services like cooking but few people doesn't behave that. most of this is going away because world is changing. (personal experience, when I was small i had to go to work with my parents as a farmer in 2000s the only place we and dog ate will be the outside in the corroidor. We're coming out of it but still one more generation

which is why the internet is necessary and the road. 
that is start and restraunt.
if we open the restraunts, wherever the people comes from will be our ally or business partner for nearby villages and we will help creating websites and all




seemana gown lamahatta, Darjeeling.

houses 22
population. 93


stories, what was in there previously.

Core Population

92 Residents

The Cluster

Chettri, Tamang, Bhutia, Pradhan, Gurung, Sherpa, Yolmo Gown, rai gown.

Education Hub

Lamahatta High School

Gathering Spots

8th Mile, Seemana, Takdah, Kambal (Swimming/Picnic), sunaray gown ground.

Geography

Middle of: 6th Mile, 9th Mile (Eco Park), 11th Mile, Glenburn, Takdah

Infrastructure

1 Mile "Bad Road" (Trucks only) - The Moat

Economic Gap

High Homestay density vs. Zero dedicated Dining/Delivery

in 6th mile there is restraunts, atms, banks, groceries, clothes, meat shops, garage, police station. Main road.



Website structure, 

good images
toggle button in nepali, English, hindi, bengla and other languages.
amazing UI
animation
design
tools for their benfits
interactive.
small intuitive survey.
newsletter and updates for govt data and online portals, benfits and all


Services.
Parteners.
Investors.



Services,
1 cartpenter
4 cooks.
5 Digital Marketting and social media managers.
6 Website and Booking Managers.
7 Shop
8 Vegetable shop.
9 Chicken Shop
10 Housekeeping.
11 Waiters
12 Cabs
13 Hotel Managers
14 Receptionist
15 Tour Guide
16 Portfolio Management Services.


Needd 
.
16 Travel agencies.
17 Mobile/Computer repair shop.
18 Delivery boys.
19 groceries.
20 Restraunts.






Problems
Internet and cellphone connectivity is poor.
Road needs to be build.
One attraction needs to be set here. (mall would be a good choice)
Few of paths to walk needs to be rebuild. (put a real picture)



Govt Grants:
 Show that in govt grants, explicitly state that no govt grants have been given yet for the roads, inteernt but we're working on to make economy by ourself so we sustain and attract investor and build it ourself. But whoever supports us will not forget and we think we will be the most valueable people that serves the community genuinely and we're the only that have the most talented but underdeveloped.  

Private Grants:

Make it about amazing people we are in lahatta.

Investors: 

show us how we are valueable, we serve our community lovingly and we take pride.
good food
hospitale
comedy
sometimes shows
enjoyment.
we have everything we need.


(ask dipen da, raju da, milan mama and kishan da to write about village and put it in there) . (maybe put a tools to write and the research papers to show and put a container so they can edit themselves. create a block with their photos and articles they can always edit.


Featured.
Best Chef,
Best Videographer,
Best Dancer,
Best Singer,
Best Joker,

Teacher,
Cook,
Attendant,
Product manager,
AI Engineer.
Digital Marketting and Social Media Manager.



Community hub like a social media